3 (Bad) Dream Combo!
Published on January 19, 2009.
So last night I had three dreams.
They were all kinda bad.
I think they went from worst to least worst, which is good, I suppose.
The first one was pretty simple.
I was dreaming that I was half-asleep.
Maybe I really was half-asleep and just hallucinating.
I’m not entirely sure.
Anyway, I dreamed that I was sleeping in my parent’s bed.
In-between both of them.
Kinda funny huh?
That’s not what made it bad.
I also dreamed there was something flying around the room.
It was kind of hard to tell what, but I sensed it was leathery.
Like, say, a bat .
Then, as I realized the flying object really was a bat, it decided to fly onto my neck and bite it!
You know how in dreams you sort of do things in slow-motion?
So sometimes you know something is inevitable, but you still try to stop it anyway?
This was how the bite felt.
As the bat bit me (I swear I felt pain), I woke up like in the movies where someone wakes up from a bad dream.
I literally checked my neck to see if a bat was biting me.
And to see if my parents were in my bed.
Luckily neither of these things happened.
I went back to sleep.
Then I had another dream.
This time, I was watching TV, waiting to leave to the airport.
As I was watching some sitcom (unfortunately I can’t remember which), my dad told me, “hey, aren’t you late for your flight?”
I didn’t realize that it was 3:15 AM, and my flight left at 3:30 AM!
I hurried to the airport, picked up my ticket (which looked like a receipt) from a drive-up booth (apparently this was faster) and went into the airport.
Somehow, I went a special way that I didn’t have to go through security!
I sorta pretended to get into line from the end, just to make sure no one accused me of jumping the security.
Then I think my flight must’ve left, because I was just sitting in the airport.
I noticed that someone left a bag lying around.
I thought it might be a bomb!
But it turns out it was just a bunch of metal tools that the guy wasn’t allowed to take, I guess.
Now that I think of it, I wonder why they would’ve been allowed into the “sterile” area.
Anyway, I took the tools and for some reason there was some kind of pawn shop in the airport.
I sold the tools for $8 and some change!
I think it might’ve been $8.11.
I’m not sure.
The third dream I had was where I was in some kind of RPG video game.
I was semi-in the game and semi-playing the game.
At one point I stepped outside of a dungeon, then went back inside.
Then I fought a battle in which I lost.
AND I REALIZED I DIDN’T SAVE THE GAME!
But then apparently I had saved it when I stepped out of the dungeon.
So I guess this wasn’t actually a bad dream, just a potentially bad situation that never happened…